Dr. Belis Aladag: We're going to see jack Schultz cures report does not show any unusual activity.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi jack
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can you hear me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't know why, but your volume is very low. Do you think you can try to increase your volume.
A
Dr. Belis Aladag: Little bit better
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah. Much better. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's good. It's good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi. So I'm Dr. Allah DAG and it's nice meeting you jack. Tell me, tell me about everything you know you're here with bright heart health, and you were looking for some help with your methamphetamine problem is that right
LG K40: Yes, that's right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so let's talk about it. Um, when do you think everything started for you, like, let's, let's start with like a drug substance use history, did you start when you were very young, or
LG K40: Yeah, I started using meth. When I was about 12 years old.
Dr. Belis Aladag: 12 Okay wow that is young. Um, did you start using anything else before then like marijuana or alcohol or anything else.
LG K40: No, not
LG K40: A little bit of alcohol, but only for a minute.
LG K40: I but I continue to use met for a lot of years.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, um, how may I ask, how, how did you get introduced to it at age 12 what what was going on in your life.
LG K40: Mike my coat, my older cousin was doing it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got you. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank you circle.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And gave it to
Dr. Belis Aladag: So he has a history of substance use. Is there any other family members. Any other family members with substance problems alcohol or other substance problems like grandparents or parents
LG K40: Yes, my mother and father both used it and
LG K40: On my dad's side all all of his brothers and sisters used it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
LG K40: All seven of them did a lot of my cousins do
LG K40: My little brothers do
LG K40: Okay, and pretty much most of the people that I know.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, okay. So you kind of grew up, you grew up in this environment where this was just there. It's just something that people do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And for you. Did you, how did you use it, were you using it IV. Were you smoking it or you snorting it. Were you eating it. What were you doing, how are you taking it.
LG K40: Um I smoked it first and then later on in my early 20s, I started shooting it.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, and then. And did you ever in your life up until now. Did you ever seek treatment. Did you ever receive treatment, go to a rehab or an outpatient or a doctor or anything for this problem.
LG K40: Um, yeah. In 2003 I went
LG K40: To Salvation Army
LG K40: Inpatient program and I failed it and then in 2000 right after that in 2003 I went to a program called Olof house in San Francisco.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And how did that go
Dr. Belis Aladag: How did that go for you.
LG K40: Oh I filled out one also.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm okay and then any other attempts, or you just kind of given up since then, or what happened since 2003
LG K40: No, I went to jail. About a year and a half ago, and
LG K40: Part of my agreement with
LG K40: With the judge was that I would enroll an outpatient program.
LG K40: And outpatient drug program was I was released.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so that's why you're with us now.
LG K40: Yeah okay but I self enrolled, you know, as part of the agreement.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm sorry I
LG K40: Hope enrolled as hard as part of the of the agreement.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mm hmm. Okay. And in the jail so I know that in jails, there's still some drug use going on right so in jail, were you using in jail as well.
LG K40: No, I didn't.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you've been sober then for a year and a half. Is that right,
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Awesome.
But
LG K40: I do take men.
Dr. Belis Aladag: What do you take
LG K40: I take
LG K40: You want the name
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, let me see if I can try to get some pharmacy data, sometimes it can pull up what you were prescribed I see here. Something I see Gabba Penton
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is that right
LG K40: Yeah. Gavin opinion.
LG K40: Okay.
LG K40: Lamb routing.
LG K40: For HIV.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let me Dean. Okay.
LG K40: I take norvir
Dr. Belis Aladag: norvir
LG K40: Same thing, I take presenter for the same thing is this stuff.
LG K40: So three Korea. Korea.
LG K40: Korea, not for that for
LG K40: For pancreas insufficiency.
LG K40: pancreatic insufficiency. This is also with the first ones I was reading to you very
Dr. Belis Aladag: Very. How do you spell that
LG K40: Be our
LG K40: Ad
LG K40: A panto
LG K40: Toe puzzle or yes just like for your summer.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I got you. So anything else.
LG K40: No, that's it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So for the HIV. So you're HIV positive.
Dr. Belis Aladag: When, when did you find that out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, February.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and all right. And then, and for that you take for different things. Is that right,
Dr. Belis Aladag: lament Udine norvir resistor and various
LG K40: Yes. Right. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All, all of those guys. And then the crayon, you said is for pancreatic insufficiency. How did you find out you didn't have enough pancreatic um
LG K40: I was just diagnosed with that. About a year and a half ago. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did you get like pancreatitis or what happened. How did they find out
LG K40: Oh, well, it's a long story, but I had some bleeding when I use the bathroom. And so I went to go have a colonoscopy and they couldn't find any thing and then they they ran some tests and realized that
LG K40: My pancreas wasn't making the enzyme. So they what was happening was, I was just being scratched by the and digested food.
LG K40: So yeah, basically, I always thought I had a fast metabolism, but obviously not that was a problem.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I'm so glad they figured it out. So now when you take this Korean. Are you able to digest your food better
LG K40: Yeah, and I have to take it before every meal. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Before each meal, and then the Gabba Penton. Why do you take that. What's the purpose of the gap.
LG K40: Well, I take it for two reasons. I take it for
LG K40: Neuropathy from the message that I take from take him for a prolonged period of time you getting a raw nerve damage and then I take them also.
LG K40: For seizures.
LG K40: Because I used to take the Latin, but I take so many meds. I was just trying to combine the two because they can't work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, yes. So seizure. When were you diagnosed with seizure with epilepsy.
LG K40: 2000 around 2006
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, they said you started suddenly having seizures or what
LG K40: Yeah, I
LG K40: Think you
LG K40: Can because by the the antivirals.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
LG K40: Maybe, I don't know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: At that point you have been on them for three years. It had been three years of antivirals. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, maybe. Maybe. Okay, I
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know, and they had you on Dilantin but you switched to Gabba Penton. Have you had seizures. Since the switch.
LG K40: Know I switched to Gabby painting just last year. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And how much are you taking it's 300 milligram 300 milligram capsule. How are you taking it. How many
LG K40: I'm taking 900 twice a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. And when was the last seizure, you had
LG K40: Um 2018
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hopefully, hopefully, you'll
Dr. Belis Aladag: Ultimately remain steady and stable.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you know you've been you've been taking all of this stuff regularly in jail for a year and a half, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so I mean it's it's unfortunate to be in jail. Like, I can't even imagine. But in a, in a sense, it gave your life and your health, some order. It sounds like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that's good. Um, what happened that led you to the jail. Like was it drug possession or selling or what was going on.
LG K40: It was a drug possession
LG K40: I was arrested for drug possession, and I still had some drugs in my family and when they got me down to the jail, they
LG K40: Found it. And apparently I didn't realize that they hadn't found it. I thought that they searched me and found it, but apparently they are looking at. So when I got down to the jail. It became a felony instead of a misdemeanor possession. And so, you know,
LG K40: It is what it is. I, I
LG K40: I believe that the cop was just doing that to try to get me for a felony, but I did, I did 16 months in jail for that trying to bring the drugs and into the institution, but I really wasn't trying to but
LG K40: I'm also on federal probation.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're on probation.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so part of the process. So you got out of jail just recently right just maybe what
Dr. Belis Aladag: 10 days ago to
LG K40: Yes. Oh.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so I'm part of your routine now is to check in with your probation officer, then, is it a weekly check in. How often do you go to the probation officer.
LG K40: Oh I I'm well I'm on. I'm on house arrest. So I because what happened was they gave me seven months from my probation violation. After the after the 16 months.
LG K40: So I went to Sacramento to do the violation and the Kobe started happening and I serve two months of it and they decided to just let me out for the other five. Okay.
LG K40: And so basically
LG K40: I'm here at home doing the
LG K40: Home detention.
LG K40: Home detached provisional terminate after the five
Dr. Belis Aladag: Months. Okay, good. That's good. So, okay. And it's an interesting time to be doing it because everybody's kind of on house arrest. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so it's kind of interesting. Your timing with all this weird right
There. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But interesting. Okay. And so when you. Where are you living and who are you with. Do you have a family. Do you have a wife. Do you have a girlfriend.
LG K40: No, I'm seeing I'm seeing. Oh.
LG K40: I'm living in Green Valley.
LG K40: Or actually, I'm living in Rockville
LG K40: I'm live
LG K40: North of Sacramento.
LG K40: No rockville's not rock know Rockville by between Fairfield and Green Valley. Okay.
LG K40: Are you local
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, I'm in Los Angeles.
LG K40: Okay, so I'm near
LG K40: Near between Fairfield and Vallejo in
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it. Okay, so you're living
LG K40: With a friend.
And
LG K40: You know, my family, obviously, isn't that great influence on me. So
LG K40: That really wasn't an option. I mean I guess I would have had to go there if I had to because coronavirus being what it is, and I can't. I really can't afford to get it if I haven't already caught it, but
LG K40: Yeah. So I'm saying with a friend.
Dr. Belis Aladag: How was that arrangement. So far, how is the arrangement is your friend gonna support you. You think continue to do that. Is it okay
LG K40: Um, well, yeah, I mean, I'm on house arrest here. So there's really no backing out
LG K40: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're stuck. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And he's your friend is your friends sober or
LG K40: Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. They don't usually use
Dr. Belis Aladag: Drink. Good. And so I think you made it sounds like you made the right choice because you really need that kind of environment you need that kind of environment to support your probation your sobriety, or you know yeah okay um
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, what was I gonna say
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, tell me about any history of suicidal thoughts or
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any, any danger of suicidal. Do we have a risk of that right now or in the path.
LG K40: No, never.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's great. So, low, low to no risk of suicide. Okay, great. Um, and in terms of allergies to medications. Do you have allergies.
LG K40: Not to any medications, but I do have really bad allergies.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like seasonal
LG K40: Yeah, really bad right now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Really bad. Okay. Um, if you do take like you can try taking like a leg RA, or Zyrtec or Claritin maybe that might help.
LG K40: Yeah, that probably would help.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so something like that in terms of your meds, the HIV meds, the crayon and the Gabba Penton. Do you have a physician, that's going to be giving you these continue to give them or what's going on with that.
LG K40: Oh, I mean, I guess it's really hard to get appointments or anything out here right now but I sure that there is a physician somewhere, you know, I'm gonna have to check that out. I have a 30 day supply
So,
LG K40: Yeah, you can't even get into it like I I was having trouble getting my
LG K40: Foods number three says for my health, health insurance benefits are the medical benefits and the partnership, because there's they're not open can't just walk in there so you know it took me like a week and a half, just to finally get down there to get the number
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, yeah, yeah.
LG K40: So I'm going to work on that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, please. Work on that because it's essential, you got to have your medications regularly. So I would say you need a good primary care doctor or an HIV specialist either one.
LG K40: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: One of the two
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you need that. So really put that as your priority right now, these days. That's what you should be trying to figure out
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe Googling or yelping in the area for HIV specialist or primary care doctors
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then calling their offices, leaving messages saying I'm on medical partnership, whatever. Do you accept my insurance, you know, that kind of thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can go about it that way or you call you also call partnership. If you can get through and you say, I need a primary care near me. Who's, who's going to be my doctor
LG K40: Okay, I'll do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Both ways so that in 30 days we get you connected. Yeah, okay, because these are essential meds for you. It's like these are very essential medications. You can't go without them, you really need all of them.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'm gonna keep pushing you whenever I see you. I'm going to remind you, and ask, okay, so I'll, I'll keep badgering you hey did you work on trying to find the doctor yet. Okay.
LG K40: All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, um, what else I'm gonna see here oh surgeries. Have you had any surgeries.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any surgeries.
LG K40: Or threat any surgery.
LG K40: Yeah, I had, I had a chest to put in 2008 for collapse one
LG K40: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: collapsed lung. Wow. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's a new, more thorax.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And normally, normally just for review of systems. Do you have any gastric problems like now that you're taking the crayon deuce do still have problems with, you know, like pooping or peeing or stomach aches. Do you have any chest pains, anything that's going on with you.
LG K40: Know a really bad heartburn about it but I take a medication for that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, you take the protonix the Pen Tool personal. Okay.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it. Okay, so the heartburn, you have to watch that I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: And now, now that you've been sober in jail. Do you feel, how do you feel, looking back at your life. I mean, you had this this was a year and a half, where you really were forced
Dr. Belis Aladag: To reflect and look back and revisit you know like how your life has been with meth. Do you feel fortunate that you haven't been using. Do you feel grateful. Do you feel unsure, like how are you feeling
LG K40: Well, I mean, it's like if I if I had
LG K40: I just wasted. A YEAR AND A HALF OF MY LIFE sitting in jail. So you know if I'd been using George, please. I would have an excuse, but
LG K40: I don't know. I've sat in the county jail for 16 months and I pretty. It was pretty much unproductive. The whole time, so
LG K40: I don't know.
LG K40: It's just, I'm just tired of being in jail in prison.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so you're you're yeah you're in this mindset of I gotta get out of this. I'm so full. I want to get out of this whole legal stuff so that I can move on with my life. So you're focused on that.
LG K40: Right, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I would say, you know, I have to commend you for you and you should too. You should give yourself credit, you're saying you are unproductive. But being sober.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is so big being sober allowed your brain to heal because math is very toxic to your brain. It can really start causing some blurriness and you know just inability to do things right and your sharpness goes away.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, you can start getting paranoid. So it's really actually very fortunate that you had 16 full months. Nothing. No, no exposure to your brain. So that actually is a big deal. So it's almost like you were in rehab for 16 months.
LG K40: Yeah. So yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what I mean. So, so in a way it's you feel like, oh, I didn't do anything by life. But on the other hand, it's like
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what, I stayed clean. Like, that's amazing. Like, I haven't done that since I was before I was 12 right. So, I mean, give yourself some credit and try to remember that because that's a big deal.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And hopefully I hope with this support of the person you're living with and you know the the the legal trouble that you want to get out of hopefully you can continue this path of, like, I'm not going to use. I'm just going to continue this clean path. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I hope so. You know, I think I would I would do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: When you're using. Were you kind of inconsistent with your medications.
Yeah.
LG K40: Yeah, so was
LG K40: Sometimes I wouldn't have any sometimes I wouldn't have any medication.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
LG K40: Um, you know, I just really or I forget to take him.
LG K40: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's the other piece, you know, HIV is a big deal. You know, it really, that's the other thing it can be after a while they can get toxic to your brain to your body.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And taking your medication, even though they have side effects, the medication really suppresses the virus, so that you don't get those brain effects as much right
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's the other plus 16 months you took your meds consistently and you kept your virus levels down you you gave yourself the gift of health.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, that's awesome. And yet another reason why it's so important that you stay sober, because you have to take care of you and you can't be taking care of you, if you're out of your mind and you're just kind of floating around, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let alone also like the risk of spreading spreading disease to other people. If you are not taking your meds. Right. So always important.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You to think of yourself first, but then also everyone around you because I'm assuming the way you got it. I'm assuming you got it because of someone who shared with you a needle or something that didn't tell you
LG K40: Yes, I got it, I think.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And that's just horrible. You know, like the and maybe they didn't know they had it, but maybe they did and they weren't taking their meds and, you know, like it's just so again it's it's about you first, but then everyone else gets affected by you taking care of you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I so I would again repeat that. I don't think you wasted time you wasted time, in a certain sense, you feel frustrated. It seems like it was a very unfair, unjust.
Dr. Belis Aladag: jail time for you because you didn't intend to do what they said you did not cool, but in a weird way. It just kind of put you in this zone where you were like, you have to take your meds, you have to stay clean and you're good. You like did it so
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay blessing and a curse you know
LG K40: What's that
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's like a blessing and a curse.
LG K40: Yes. Yeah. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm OK. So the way we're going to continue the way the program works is you you meet with me and the therapist.
Dr. Belis Aladag: in a group setting once a week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, we have a group that meets on Mondays at 9am
LG K40: You think my name is honey.
Dr. Belis Aladag: on day nine. Yep.
LG K40: Okay, do you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you able to wake up at like 830 and log on.
LG K40: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so if you can set your alarm every Monday 830 to log on you log on to the virtual clinic, the same number. Zoom number you call today to get to meet you know the one you checked in.
LG K40: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That same virtual clinic you you log in there and you say, Hey, I'm supposed to do group with Dr. Allah DAG.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And they check you. And they say, okay, fill out the survey. Okay. You're checked in. Here's the zoom number every time it changes. So they say here's their zoom number today. And then at nine you log into the zoom number
LG K40: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's every Monday we'll see you. I think you'll I think you'll enjoy the group. I actually have a bunch of guys in there right now there are no women. I have just guys. There are a few that have methamphetamine specifically as their problem so they can relate
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then I have some opioid, we have a lot of opioid use people
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. But regardless, everyone's. It's a very positive. I find that it's a very positive like group to support each other, you know, it's just a conversation once a week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I go through and talk to each one of you as a doctor, you know, because some of you need medication for the opioid problem. So I treat those people with you all check in with you. But since we're not doing men's it won't be very long, we'll go through and then we have the whole group conversation.
LG K40: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's Mondays and then you individually should schedule a visit with your therapist, so you will get assigned a therapist with us.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you should call the virtual clinic and say okay I I spoke to the doctor. I'm going to do her groups on Mondays and I need an appointment with my therapist.
LG K40: So you can call
LG K40: Call the virtual clinic for
LG K40: Therapy apply to therapists.
Yeah.
LG K40: All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then you meet with her or him and then you guys decide okay every two weeks, you can meet individually or whatever, you know, whatever frequency you and her decide
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you do weekly group with me. But you do individual therapy with her as frequently as you guys decide. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's the program, really, that is the program and then I believe once a month, you will receive an envelope with your drug tests.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's like a drug test cup so don't open the envelope. Just call virtual clinic, tell them, hey, I got the envelope. Show them your opening. You know, you do your drug screen, you show them. Okay, the temperature. That's kind of how we do it. So that's once a month. So that's the
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, and if you can do that if you can wake up and just check in at 830 on Mondays, you'll be doing the program you'll be part of our team, you know, our group and
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think it'll encourage you to keep doing what you've been doing hopefully in the outside world, even though you're on house arrest. It's still different, you know, and you're still yeah
LG K40: Yeah, definitely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's an adjustment. Right.
LG K40: Yeah, yeah. And it's especially right now with everything that's going on outside. It's like
LG K40: It's a weird time to be getting out of jail after 16 months because I remember from when I went in to to just being thrown into the middle of this is like a lot of anxiety, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cuz yeah I
LG K40: Don't want to catch that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, no. Yeah, exactly. It's like it's anxiety. So, we will talk about that too in the group because yeah we're globally. It's so weird. But we're all having this very strange anxiety, fear.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then, at times, it's frustration because of the economics, you know, because because of this, we can't work, a lot of people aren't able to work. And so they're frustrated with the finances, but at the same time, they don't want to get sick. So yeah, it's
LG K40: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We can all we can all bond over those kinds of things. So, so, yeah. I think it'll be a helpful healthy thing for you outlet for you to like just speak, you know,
LG K40: Okay, cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so do you have any questions or do you have any I forgot to ask you about nicotine. Do you vapor or smoke cigarettes.
LG K40: Yes I smoke cigarettes. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: How much are you smoking.
LG K40: Almost a full pack a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: On pack per day. Okay, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: And how long have you been smoking.
Dr. Belis Aladag: How long have you been
LG K40: Up for about two weeks.
LG K40: Since I got out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, okay. New okay
LG K40: Well, I mean, no, I've been so I smoked before I went to jail but you know I was often for 16 months.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. So you just resumed. Um, so I would say you know it, it sounds like, I don't know, how do you feel about trying to stop that I can give you nicotine lozenges like candies. I can give you a patch and the candy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or if you're not, are you not ready to let it go just yet.
LG K40: No, they're kind of like my advice because they help calm you now because I get really anxious and uptight. Okay. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So for right now you're saying you know I gotta, I gotta hang on to these, you know, they're not good for you force and hopefully, you know, hopefully, as you adjust. We can we can get you to wean off of them. Again, you know,
Maybe
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll talk we'll think about it. Right. Okay. But you're, you know, I think overall, you're doing fantastic, you know, just trying to hang in there and do the things you need to do for your
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, whatever you said to the judge, you had to do the outpatient program and you're signing up. You're doing a good job, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the next challenge. THE NEXT TO DO IS THE DOCTOR. The, the primary care doctor. Okay, you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Get yourself a primary care or an HIV doctor
LG K40: That okay yeah I'm going to do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you're to two tasks. One is to call virtual clinic and set up a therapy appointment and to figure out who's going to be your HIV doctor those two two tasks.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, any questions.
LG K40: Was that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you have any questions.
LG K40: Um, no. That's it. So when do when do I call the worst thing clinic for the Mondays appointment.
Dr. Belis Aladag: A you call Monday. You don't have to make an appointment for that you will show up you'll call on Monday 830
Dr. Belis Aladag: Every Monday 830 you just call it. You don't need a moment. But you can call them now and say, Can I set up an appointment with the therapist.
LG K40: Ok ok ok
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, so I'll see you Monday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll see you Monday and we'll continue our conversation.
LG K40: Okay, thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right. Glad you're out and it's nice speaking with you. Thanks for sharing.
Bye bye.